The Wealth Of Nations
ECON-0006
By Adam Smith
Mass Market Paperback, 1264 pages
Published March 4th 2003 by Bantam Classics (first published 1776)

Adam Smith's masterpiece, first published in 1776, is the foundation of modern economic thought and remains the single most important account of the rise of, and the principles behind,
modern capitalism. Written in clear and incisive prose, The Wealth of Nations articulates the concepts indispensable to an understanding of contemporary society; 
and Robert Reich's Introduction both clarifies Smith's analyses and illuminates his overall relevance to the world in which we live. 
As Reich writes, "Smith's mind ranged over issues as fresh and topical today as they were in the late eighteenth century--jobs, wages, politics, government, trade, education, business, and ethics."
*****
The General Theory of Employment, Interest, and Money
ECON-0007
By John Maynard Keynes
Paperback, 403 pages
Published May 1st 1997 by Prometheus Books (first published November 30th 1935)

Distinguished British economist John Maynard Keynes (1883-1946) set off a series of movements that drastically altered the ways in which economists view the world.
In his most important work, The General Theory of Employment, Interest, and Money (1936), Keynes critiqued the laissez-faire policies of his day, particularly the proposition that a normally functioning market economy would bring full employment. 
Keynes's forward-looking work transformed economics from merely a descriptive and analytic discipline into one that is policy oriented. For Keynes, enlightened government intervention in a nation's economic life was essential to curbing what he saw as the inherent inequalities and instabilities of unregulated capitalism.
*****
Economics in One Lesson: The Shortest & Surest Way to Understand Basic Economics
ECON-0008
By Henry Hazlitt
Paperback, 218 pages
Published 1979 by Three Rivers Press (first published 1946)

A million copy seller, Henry Hazlitt’s Economics in One Lesson is a classic economic primer. But it is also much more, having become a fundamental influence on modern “libertarian” economics of the type espoused by Ron Paul and others.

Considered among the leading economic thinkers of the “Austrian School,” which includes Carl Menger, Ludwig von Mises, Friedrich (F.A.) Hayek, and others, Henry Hazlitt (1894-1993), was a libertarian philosopher, an economist, and a journalist.
He was the founding vice-president of the Foundation for Economic Education and an early editor of The Freeman magazine, an influential libertarian publication.  Hazlitt wrote Economics in One Lesson, his seminal work, in 1946. 
Concise and instructive, it is also deceptively prescient and far-reaching in its efforts to dissemble economic fallacies that are so prevalent they have almost become a new orthodoxy...
*****
Basic Economics: A Citizen's Guide to the Economy
ECON-0009
By Thomas Sowell
Hardcover, Revised and Expanded Edition, 448 pages
Published December 24th 2003 by Basic Books (first published 2000)

This is the revised and enlarged edition of a new kind of introduction to economics for the general public-without graphs, statistics, or jargon. 
In addition to being updated, Basic Economics has also become more internationalized by including economic problems from more countries around the world, because the basic principles of economics are not confined by national borders. 
While most chapter titles remain the same, their contents have changed considerably, reflecting the experiences of many different peoples and cultures.
*****
Pride and Prejudice
ENGL-0010
By Jane Austen,  Anna Quindlen (Introduction)
Paperback, Modern Library Classics, USA / CAN, 279 pages
Published October 10th 2000 by Modern Library (first published January 28th 1813)

Since its immediate success in 1813, Pride and Prejudice has remained one of the most popular novels in the English language. 
Jane Austen called this brilliant work "her own darling child" and its vivacious heroine, Elizabeth Bennet, "as delightful a creature as ever appeared in print." 
The romantic clash between the opinionated Elizabeth and her proud beau, Mr. Darcy, is a splendid performance of civilized sparring. And Jane Austen's radiant wit sparkles as her characters dance a delicate quadrille of flirtation and intrigue, 
making this book the most superb comedy of manners of Regency England. 
*****
Jane Eyre
ENGL-0011
By Charlotte Brontë,  Michael Mason (Editor)
Paperback, Penguin Classics, 507 pages
Published February 4th 2003 by Penguin (first published October 16th 1847)

Orphaned as a child, Jane has felt an outcast her whole young life. Her courage is tested once again when she arrives at Thornfield Hall, where she has been hired by the brooding, proud Edward Rochester to care for his ward Adèle. 
Jane finds herself drawn to his troubled yet kind spirit. She falls in love. Hard.

But there is a terrifying secret inside the gloomy, forbidding Thornfield Hall. Is Rochester hiding from Jane? 
Will Jane be left heartbroken and exiled once again?
*****
The Lord of the Rings
ENGL-0012
By J.R.R. Tolkien
Paperback, 50th Anniversary One-volume Edition, 1216 pages
Published October 12th 2005 by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt 

In ancient times the Rings of Power were crafted by the Elven-smiths, and Sauron, the Dark Lord, forged the One Ring, filling it with his own power so that he could rule all others. 
But the One Ring was taken from him, and though he sought it throughout Middle-earth, it remained lost to him. After many ages it fell by chance into the hands of the hobbit Bilbo Baggins.

From Sauron's fastness in the Dark Tower of Mordor, his power spread far and wide. Sauron gathered all the Great Rings to him, but always he searched for the One Ring that would complete his dominion.

When Bilbo reached his eleventy-first birthday he disappeared, bequeathing to his young cousin Frodo the Ruling Ring and a perilous quest: to journey across Middle-earth, deep into the shadow of the Dark Lord, 
and destroy the Ring by casting it into the Cracks of Doom.
*****
Harry Potter Series Box Set (Harry Potter #1-7)
ENGL-0013
By J.K. Rowling
Hardcover, 4100 pages
Published October 1st 2007 by Arthur A. Levine Books

All seven eBooks in the multi-award winning, internationally bestselling Harry Potter series, available as one download with stunning cover art by Olly Moss. Enjoy the stories that have captured the imagination of millions worldwide.
*****
The Unwanted: America, Auschwitz, and a Village Caught in Between
HIST-0014
By Michael Dobbs
Hardcover, 368 pages
Published April 2nd 2019 by Knopf Publishing Group

The powerfully told story of a group of German Jews desperately seeking American visas to escape Nazi Germany, and an illuminating account of America's response to the refugee crisis of the 1930's and 40's. 
This book complements the exhibition The Americans and the Holocaust that is now on view at the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum in Washington, DC
*****
Math Curse
MATH-0001
By Jon Scieszka,  Lane Smith
Hardcover, 32 pages
Published October 1st 1995 by Viking Books for Young Readers

Did you ever wake up to one of those days where everything is a problem?
You have 10 things to do, but only 30 minutes until your bus leaves. 
Is there enough time? You have 3 shirts and 2 pairs of pants. 
Can you make 1 good outfit? 
Then you start to wonder: Why does everything have to be such a problem?
Why do 2 apples always have to be added to 5 oranges? 
Why do 4 kids always have to divide 12 marbles? 
Why can't you just keep 10 cookies without someone taking 3 away? 
Why? Because you're a victim of the Math Curse. That's why. 
But don't despair. This is one girl's story of how that curse can be broken.
*****
Grapes Of Math
MATH-0002
Paperback, 40 pages
Published June 1st 2004 by Scholastic Paperbacks (first published 2001)

Let Scholastic Bookshelf be your guide through the whole range of your child's experiences-laugh with them, learn with them, read with them! 

Eight classic, best-selling titles are available now!

"How many grapes are on the vine? 
Counting each takes too much time. 
Never Fear, I have a hunch
There is a match for every bunch!"

Greg Tang, a lifelong lover of math, shares the techniques that have helped him solve problems in the most creative ways! 
Harry Briggs's vibrant & inviting illustrations create a perfect environment for these innovative games.
So open your mind-and have fun!

"This...clever math book uses rhyming couplets... riddles...visual clues to help the reader find new ways to group numbers for quick counting...
A winning addition!" --Kirkus
*****
Sir Cumference and the Dragon of Pi
MATH-0003
By Greg Tang  
By Cindy Neuschwander,  Wayne Geehan (Illustrator)
Paperback, 32 pages
Published February 1st 1999 by Charlesbridge

Sir Cumference, Lady Di of Ameter, and Radius are back in their second Math Adventure! 
This time, a potion has changed Sir Cumference into a fire-breathing dragon. 
Can Radius change him back? Join Radius on his quest through the castle to solve a riddle that will reveal the cure. 
It lies in discovering the magic number that is the same for all circles.
*****
Math and Magic in Wonderland
MATH-0004
By Lilac Mohr 
Paperback, 256 pages
Published May 19th 2016 by Createspace Independent Publishing Platform

Lulu and Elizabeth are two girls who love to play with numbers, words, and (on occasion) toy swords. 
Join them on a grand adventure, where classic math and logic riddles lead the way through a world inspired by Lewis Carroll's poetry. 

Filled with engaging puzzles, tidbits about famous mathematicians, and a dash of humor, 
this interactive book is sure to inspire adults and children, alike, to follow their own rabbit trails into the magical world of mathematics.
*****
Scratch 2.0 Programming
MATH-0005
By Denis Golikov
ebook
Published February 5th 2015 by Smashwords Edition

Meet Scratch. A brand new, FREE computer programming application that allows children 10 and up to express themselves creatively by developing their own stories, 
cartoons, games, and more—all while learning computer programming!

Created by Mitchel Resnick, and the “Lifelong Kindergarten” group in the MIT Media Lab, Scratch is a self-study program that teaches children all about computers and programming, 
in some of the most fun ways possible.

Complete with cartoon animation, Scratch allows children to interact and play with various objects on the screen and then develop forms of interaction between them. 
Think digital, multi-colored blocks kind of like Lego. Each chapter consists of 20-30 minutes of study, and covers topics like how to make funny cartoons and games.

Give your child an insight into one of the fastest growing fields in the world, and let them have fun at the same. Choose Scratch today!
*****